revert: Temporarily revert some breaking changes (for 2.0.0-internal.6.x) (#16846)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/eighty-weeks-relate.md

---
"@fluidframework/aqueduct": minor
---

PureDataObject temporarily extends EventForwarder and implements IDisposable again

`PureDataObject` extends `EventForwarder` and implements `IDìsposable` again to ease the transition to `2.0.0-internal.6.x`.

> These changes will be undone in `2.0.0-internal.7.0.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These interfaces will no longer be implemented on `PureDataObject` in version `2.0.0-internal.7.0.0`.
```
